Replacing help.probely.com links (#1360)
snyk/user-docs: snyk-data-and-governance/snyk-terms-of-support-and-services-glossary/snyk-jumpstart-customer-prerequisites.md

| Web Target configuration, including authenticated scans (up to three web applications) | Credentials for Web Targets to configure authorization (form, sequence, or 2FA)                                                                                           | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                       |
| API Target configuration (up to one API collection)                                    | Postman Collection or OpenAPI definition for API                                                                                                                          | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                       |
| Domain Ownership Verification                                                          | <p><br></p>                                                                                                                                                               | Web infrastructure access to verify ownership of domain using a txt file, DNS, meta tag, Cloudflare connection, or AWS connection |

> | Scanning Agent configuration (one agent)                                               | Prerequisites detailed in the Snyk API & Web help article [How to install a Scanning Agent](../../scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/start-scanning/overview-scanning-agent/install-scanning-agent.md) | Admin/Root access to the infrastructure on which the Scanning Agent will be configured                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Scanning Agent configuration (one agent)                                               | Prerequisites detailed in the Snyk API & Web help article [How to install a Scanning Agent](https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/start-scanning/overview-scanning-agent/install-scanning-agent) | Admin/Root access to the infrastructure on which the Scanning Agent will be configured                                            |
```
